Let's see the steps to develop a graphQL API using Spring Boot.
At this point, you can clone the code from
the link in the course notes and follow along with me.
First, we're going to bootstrap a simple application using the spring initializr.
We've seen this tool before.
For project maven language Java,
leave the default here.
For the project metadata,
let's change this to something more descriptive, here as well.
Just like before, we're going to add the web dependency,
the H2 dependency, and the JPA dependency.
Now, you would think that you could go ahead and add the graphQL dependency,
but we have to add those manually.
Generate the project, you'll download the zip,
you can unzip it and open it in your IDE.
So let's navigate to that.
Bringing up intelligence to the palm file.
Scroll down, as expected,
we see JPA here on line 24,
H2 here on line 29,
the Spring Bootstarter tests,
and Spring Boot Starter web here on line 40.
So the first two dependencies that you have to add in your palm file are
shown here on lines 43 through 53.
So this is the graphQL Spring Boot Starter,
and the graphQL Java tools.
There is one more dependency that you'll need to add for graphQL,
and that's shown here on lines 55 through 59.
Just like in our previous project,
there's the data.SQL file that simply adds
sample data to our location table in our H2 database.
So we're adding five airport locations.
On the application properties file, just like before,
we can figure H2,
we set the path,
and we set the database URL.
Now, notice here lines five through seven,
this is where we can figure graphQL,
specifically the mapping for the servlet,
and we're enabling the servlet and we're enabling forms.
Lines nine through 11,
these are the configuration items for graphiQL.
So here again, I'm enabling it,
setting the endpoint, and setting the mapping.
Next, let's look at schema creation.